flbundle
--------

Abstract
--------
A simple tool to build a Mac OSX application bundle out of an exectuable.

Adds the minimum required in the way of plist and pkginfo files to get
things working and adds a few user specified icons to the bundle.

Heavily inspired by the Allegro version written by Angelo Mottola, but
"enhanced" to use FLTK rather than Allegro for the icon manipulation.


Building
--------
There's no configure - it's not exactly cross-platform after all!
Just typing make should do the trick.

This was developed on Mac OSX 10.1.5 with FLTK 1.1.4.
There may be subtle differences with later versions of OSX, but the code
is so simple I have to assume they'd be minor.
Let me know what happens, anyway!

Usage
-----

To make an application bundle called Bar out of an executable called foo:

      ./flbundle -i foo -o Bar -s icon.png

will do a basic job. The single image passed here will be scaled to fit
all the app's icon sizes and stored in the bundle.

If you want different icons to appear in each case (i.e. in the Finder
and on the Dock) you could do:

      ./flbundle -i foo -o Bar -l finder.png -t dock.gif

The icon conversion stuff seems to be working OK with png, jpg, gif and
bmp formats. It works with many XPM images, but I haven't handled multi-
byte palette entries for these correctly...
It works with XBM images IFF they are exactly the right size - if they
have to be re-sized they get all messed up.

There are also options to add version strings to the bundle, viz:

-v 1.3    # Adds a version number to the bundle

-V "Longer version" # Adds some version text - this is visible in the
                    # Finder info.

And an option [-d] to delete the original exe once it has been copied
into the bundle.

And lastly... a [-n] option to make it verbose (noisy) about what it is
doing.

Caveats
-------
As far as I know this works correctly and does nothing wrong or harmful.
But, as ever, if bad things happen... it wasn't my fault!

Cheers for now. Enjoy.

Ian MacArthur: 15th May 2004
